Readme.md, before:

ical2org.py
===========

This script converts an ical calendar (for instance, as exported from google
calendar) into an org-mode document. It is conceived as a replacement of the
awk script located here:

http://orgmode.org/worg/org-tutorials/org-google-sync.html

The main difference is that ical2org.py correctly manages recurring events
of "yearly", "daily" and "weekly" types. ical2org.py duplicates all
recurring events falling into a specified time-frame into the exported
org-document.

Installation
===========

ical2org.py is a python script and it needs the following libraries:

- icalendar
- pytz

You can install those packages as follows (thanks to Guido Van Hoecke):

Get iCalendar from https://pypi.python.org/pypi/icalendar, untar it and run
(you probably will also need the "python-setuptools" package)

````shell
sudo python setup.py install
````

Get pytz from https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytz/. It comes as an egg
file so you just run 

````shell
sudo easy_install pytz-2013b-py2.7.egg
````

Customize the script
====================

You should edit the script and modify the lines at the beginning in order to
specify your local timezone (line 9) and the window of the time-frame, in
days (the time-frame is relative to the current time). You can also modify
the org TAG used for specifying that an event is recurring.

Commit message:

Use system timezone via  tzlocal

Readme.md, after:

ical2org.py
===========

This script converts an ical calendar (for instance, as exported from google
calendar) into an org-mode document. It is conceived as a replacement of the
awk script located here:

http://orgmode.org/worg/org-tutorials/org-google-sync.html

The main difference is that ical2org.py correctly manages recurring events
of "yearly", "daily" and "weekly" types. ical2org.py duplicates all
recurring events falling into a specified time-frame into the exported
org-document.

Installation
===========

ical2org.py is a python script and it needs the following libraries:

- icalendar
- pytz
- tzlocal (optional)

You can install those packages as follows (thanks to Guido Van Hoecke):

Get iCalendar from https://pypi.python.org/pypi/icalendar, untar it and run
(you probably will also need the "python-setuptools" package)

````shell
sudo python setup.py install
````

Get pytz from https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytz/. It comes as an egg
file so you just run 

````shell
sudo easy_install pytz-2013b-py2.7.egg
````

Customize the script
====================

If you have `tzlocal` installed, the script will use the system
timezone. Otherwise, You should edit the script and modify the lines at the
beginning in order to specify your local timezone (line 9) and the window of
the time-frame, in days (the time-frame is relative to the current time). You
can also modify the org TAG used for specifying that an event is recurring.
